should we do this then fighting our way
to the chaos vessel well the chaos
infested vessel it's that abandoned
battle barge that we're trying to use as
a battering ram do I want to swap my
guns around let's grab a plasma
incinerator from the
forge they're growing on with the plasma
is it's funny I like them as the tack I
don't like them as the the
heavy they're already here their
barriers no
doubt oh my
goodness very inaccurate weapon
there a lot of recoil on it
[Music]
too
sorer I sh and his our cursive
rituals just using the AI to my
advantage really right now
sorcerer send it back to the
wall
resupplying your worthless life is
there we
go no victory for you here
nice let's go reload
again
restocking man this is a big open area I
feel like there could be loot all over
the
place that's loot crack grenades we
don't really
need honestly Zango spam is one of the
scariest things if not the scariest
thing
redeploy engaging process
your treachery ends
now another alter of corruption destroy
it yes
brother can I get on top of
here what cool environment
man
repositioning
destroy up there the impact will destroy
this whole
area this whole place is it is slowing
down
fall no doubt but it will get us to our
objective it is probably a trapped time
is limited we must take the risk move on
to the cathedral yeah that seems like a
weird a weird thing to be delving
onto theas we are almost there what is
your status the sleeping giant will soon
awaken brother hold for our signal
[Music]
brothers are you hearing this Mar's
ghosting ignore
[Music]
it Onyx says I chosen me too you say yes
thought from Onyx his
Secrets oh up here
moving I'm glad that data slate was
there because it means I didn't miss
anything in the prior areas and I was a
little bit concerned that I
had man these environments are so
huge beep boop cassa transmitting
targeting signal now your signal barely
registers but I read
it your data is clouded Lieutenant
maintain close proximity to
Target ammo ammo ammo we are pushed back
the Atrius will miss it tar
we will not yield a single
St seen that monstrosity
fall you will find No Rest fight until
that Tower Falls
Terminator come you War changent
bastards watch as your false Idols come
crumbling down
[__] the
traitors whoa [__] hell F like
missiles mean you're going to be killing
yourself
brothered
ey for before the might on true
startings
don't pack
engage sword of entri is primed and
locked in lock Target
now ping signal data through Telemetry
systems numerous errors detected due to
Signal interference calculating
trajectory
[__] hell man honestly HS of Zango
are the
worst TR repositioning
redeploy I'm SL
a my armor
is you take so long to do that ground
pound man it's really not very strong
[Music]
traitor are
stting oh you
bastard caught me with the Inferno
bter oh man
yeah really
tough got to be more careful going into
melee that guy the Terminator with a
missile pod over on that far one [__]
me
up but I read
it the data is clouded liutenant
maintain close proximity to Target
dig in we are pushed back the Atrius
will miss its T we will not yield the
single step they will not deive us of
SE we will find No Rest F until that
Tower P oh you dirty little
Zango come you War Ted bastards and die
[Music]
watch as your false Idols come crumbling
down the traitors P from their
Bas SP your
Tri no one too bad yeah I hit him enough
before going in that he got stunn nice
and quick for the might of true
moving the
champion sword of Atrius primed and
locked
in Target now go that's [__] last
signal data through Telemetry
systems numerous errors detected due to
signal interference calculating
trajectory engaging
FR zos man
the triing
G jump back
engage holy [__] how many these bastards
are there
a
lot
redeploy enemy to to destroy
launcha
thex
interference it could
be come on
brother
Len yes got
it I hear engines
there the sword of Atrius lives up to
its
namesake that will buy us time but we
must move swiftly while the enemy
Control Aurora the odds are not in our
favor so that's cutting off their
reinforcements trying that warp a
beacon as you can see they had a lot of
[__] reinforcements they just kept
coming the we are detecting a massive
energy surch from within the aurona
facility cool lose cool cool cool he
must be trying to use the device let's
try the stalker Bol rifle could be good
against the CSM we'll see unsanctioned
by the adept's mechanicus put a stop to
it yes
Captain hello
IM you snat with the air
cousins we will soon Find You In the
Flesh and remove you from it you may
keep this as a parting gift
now we don't want to Mel a
bomb mosina molos analog backup log
86. c21 P deciphering process for data
meta set of unknown origin equals 1
millionth per
complete there is simply not enough time
to
pass
ground anal backup
l63 bottles are good but you always run
out of ammo really fasting them stuck by
potato f
how I wish I was permitted to see the
site where this data set was discovered
the environmental complex would have
proved useful noticed anom with the UN
[__] nearly all C is unfamiliar except a
simple sub routin of a very old linga
techa that was deprecated ages ago
focusing my here it is a
least moso M and a back on log 8.6
c4v back to the war with you node of the
deprecated lingu came alive when
initiated whatever machine
Spirits they are your messiah's
devising
still I feel the pul to execute the
ancient card the machine guard the code
trans not a single word Perhaps it is a
promt a command oh I'm tired I thought I
had my jump pack still I've got this
ability
whoops I just no scope HIIT fired him
with a stalker
botler oh [__] hell man
the enemy seem determined to destroy
Aurora is it possible the device might
work that it could weaken them perhaps
they seek only the power source why
would they kill noic I do not know nor
do I wish to speculate we are here to
end this fly and so we
shall don't speculate on the minations
of Zin that's the best the best lesson
to take from
this no show your betrayer what is it
brother the artifact calls you
Titus and I will destroy it whom do you
speak do not hear
him Petty
tricks death to the false Emperor death
to him
puppets we will not be disposed so
easily [__] hell
man that Reaper Cannon is a
problem oh you're all right mate [__]
hell
Jesus Christ
man this way oh the
recall no Victory to you who I like
seeking missiles am I fighting the tower
right
now oh this with thousand
suns guys can you shoot this prick
oh my God what an absolute
Nightmare and a big open field with no
cover that is rough to fight the this
serite cannot Shield them from my
R munition secured
a moment
Brothers this does not fold well proceed
to the
camp completely rans
reload
glamas
championat need to
reload running the nor
this is not the sight of a mechanic's
macro weapon an excavation site indeed
our path leads
down yeah I don't know Stocker Bol I'm
not really doing it right
now let's take the plasma incinerator
again
resupplying I'm not used any grenades
yet Kyon to resilience
enter a mechanicus DI site requesting
relevant
cartography restricted by order of the
adeptus mechanicus this is leftenant
Titus request
authorized denied Aurora seal required
identify
yourself this is
infuriating oh Heretics we are on the
right path
War gear
Prim that's a lot of zos
restocking observe this
location penetrate his
armor double Terminators [__] sake
oh my
God that chion lies spe
we got
him just about kind
of they're still coming and that's a lot
of
Marines you
prick the emperor
prot God damn it man
ahead saer
that yeah that cannot be the last of
them
nice just their rear guard no doubt stay
vigilant the fragments of the talk C's
power so said the traitor
nemra do you believe it he certainly did
you said it was destroyed apparently not
well enough that damn of arch Vos ually
is Tainted with
corruption he We Must Destroy it
permanently
agreed
yes
better that's good that
nothing that airlock leads into the
mines gather
inside data in quarantine Zone
decontamination
required we issue biological pation
within the
chamber
what I don't like the term purgation
though micro index
1.2% initiating sterilization
barely a signed life on this world it is
a burial wild
brother reserved for the
dead I didn't know a burial worlds were
a
[Music]
thing an interesting concept
you've got the feral
worlds agry worlds that are for
agricultural production Hive worlds
penal worlds microbial
ind1 Fortress
worlds Forge
worlds SA interesting choice of words
pity this chamber cannot remove
corruption that duty is
ours
[Music]
yeah
okay ancient ruins a cover for their
research perhaps the subject of it more
likely the figures in these carvings are
unusual ancient marks of the ruinous
Powers edged by
fools long before the great Crusade
illuminated this world these were not
made by devotees of the war how do you
know you may soon see for yourself
huh what are you talking about boy
uh crack or shock I like shock grenades
to be
honest the arch enemy have penetrated
deep into the
Cavin perhaps all the way to the Aurora
device
ammunition depleted reloading
weap wow my AI buddies killed them nice
and
quick [__] hell it's hard to it I'm
moving Target with this thing cuz it
slow projectile
speed you [__] hit me from me I'm
know of
cross munition secured
thanks for the armor
boo these ruins are vast what interest
could the Mars Adams have in Old Stone
we know not What secrets this Old Stone
holds I only ask that it holds our
weight that wasn't too bad
resupplying oh they're giving us a lot
of grenades
man grenade
[Music]
waa what the [__] was
that why did I just lose like a million
health
oh this [__]
probably that missile attack's
ridiculous absolutely
ridiculous I feel like it should have a
minimum
range enemy Terminator destroy thought
already kicked
me Jesus
Christ oh that was
rough their Champion lies defeated
okay
now TR
brother left by your beloved
gar you know nothing of brother that was
a bad fight liant more cheap tricks
yeah those missile Terminators are
really hard to
handle especially the soul Reaper
assault cannons holy
[__] they're just churning out those
Inferno bolts and it's a
problem yes let us get to
work no victory for you
here restocking reloading
weapon the was nothing in that oh was
some shot grenades okay grabbing
[Music]
equipment your treachery ends now
ter
ahead oh what
on are you doing in my face something
worthless life is end
attention punch a hole in that
Terminator
magazine back to the war with
you yeah the last fusel is really good
you just don't get a lot of
ammo that's the main disadvantage for
for
sure wow they are throwing grenades at
me a moment
Brothers end this desecration
special tactics
ready greater a
[__] hell man
fire resupply
don't suffer and death
witch that was a lot
no Victory there is no damnation dark
enough for these
traitors have faith brother we will send
them to one fitting
pathetic
sorcery yeah that was a lot we did quite
well actually not to lose too much HP
with
that
IM spare your ammunition for the real
thing I Tire of chasing this bastard's
Phantom why install Aurora deep within
these ruins perhaps it was already here
how a relic from the Dark Age of
Technology this is
heresy they will
know and a l
back. 7. a
66q i have found an encoded set of
coordinates hidden between the lines of
code I feel the omnia's will guiding me
now the Animus of curiosity pulls me
toward a tomb adjacent to the retrieval
site it I have been selected by the
machine guard to decipher this
riddle Awakening will have context
before the arch enemy assault overtakes
me Mos e Catarina Malolos analog backup
log 8.7 a
09i no other sign of Life detected
big tunnels I'm going to get another big
fight out with h a box [__] ready for
us for more than 60,000 years short my
circuits that is long upon further
passing I cannot unly what a wi to
surround us desate
space there is nothing more
sarcophagus all fedix on VI even the
precursor is
nothing only some false me
mayr back up
8.7 I found an oplink concealed by dust
and res BL to space the connection took
seconds and a past as hours the signal I
receival words beting over and over and
over Awakening Awakening
Awakening
this [__]
I Shall
Perish oh no I use this at a very bad
time your worthless life is
end what's going on oh [__] Elm more
missiles
no God oh Jesus look at the
damage great
[__] [__] out
fire punch a hole in that
tet what the
[__]
honestly those missiles are so hard to
dodge is ridiculous not to mention how
tanky the Terminators are I mean I mean
you know Terminator armor I get it but
[__]
hell what was it like five shots from me
last
fusel domination
down their
Champion another one no great starting
over
there holy [__] even when they're
stunned a head shot doesn't one shot
them [__] hell Miss
secured it's
mental El is almost here with enemy
reinforcements and orps repare a fitting
welcome you have got to be kidding
me boys
go triple Terminators n you're trolling
now what the [__] is this yo yo what the
hell these guys are
Melly oh my [__] god
another
aom
what a [__] hell man brother
they are not
yet damn they're running at me with
CES holy
crap Orit is clear get
on dude we just fought five terminators
holy God this is
ridiculous were the grenades around
here at least they got full health now
restocking
but I've lost my guardian
Relic oh nice Med
kit yeah I'm going to take crack
grenades just to doal with these
Terminators they're in absolute pain in
the
ass really
are what a
nuisance
okay I think that's all right let's go
[Music]
wow descend deeper into the
ruins for what is to
come well yeah we've already fought five
terminators Jesus
Christ 30 minutes later Throne of Terror
get out of here what is this a tomb
world oh for [__] sake you never seen
one before only the mechanical Horrors
that spilled forth from such a place the
Martians have preserved everything this
place should have been obliterated upon
Discovery listen as I crush your
pathetic man
machine that fool Gilman believe he
could hide place with
us but we have eyes and ear in every
shadow every corner every crack in the
Galaxy I will shatter
aora along with your pitiful primar
dreams of
Victory how he prattles on pay his
squawking no heed Brothers we will not
be distracted from our
purpose the enemy is well ahead of us
this Trail will lead us to them the
sorcerer will elude us no longer move on
the oist who are they fighting though
can't be [__] Gman down there can
there is it just
adme cuz look at all the [__] we've had
to fight to get down there
obviously the admic force is sort of
dead around all over the place little
servitors and Tech priests and
such maras L was meant to be down
here where he is and what he's up to who
knows War gear
Bri more is
it no
how your Imperium turns
up how long did you suffer the tortes of
the
Inquisition a waiting
AB oh you
mate do not speak if
you Titus I know you
better your lies grow Boulder by the
moment Titus do not engage with
them oh there goes my health again
[Music]
sh by his
design on
what will you do with the artifact once
you have it brush it to dust if it has
no effect on you why not use it you dare
suggest hereson Sergeant I said nothing
and I heard nothing that degenerate
clouds our minds forgive my error we
will not let you down brother have no
doubt
resupplying
okay let us
Advance very good I don't know last time
I used the heavy Bolter it wasn't very
helpful but it's great against the car
effects not so much against these chaos
boys but we'll
see I was just going to say it'll be
good against
Zango think
little of myself of the
great we are all of power
greater a true
when we call out to our heart they
answer when have you ever felt St life
of your
Emperor the emperor answers at times
certainly answers for the Sisters of
battle that's for sure I'm sure Space
Marines have had their moments
too he's a real
God basically is at this point
more
minions lurking in D Halls like the
filth they
are well they not lurking for
longer all of this was just lying under
our feet this whole time
and centuries longer still eons brother
if the archives are to be believed and
on more worlds than we shall ever wish
to discover I pray everyone is Unearthed
and burned to sers bit much mate but
okay
back to the
war forade right
out away through him slowly no victory
for you here demon
H
reloading I'm going to say it looked
like the barrier was still up were these
things not destroyed preserve for
study Maran PR go analog backup log 9.9
I 99
I
on what have I
done the sarcophagus cracked and a
metallic IMO hatched centipede like it
skitted up the walls I tried to seal it
in the Tomb enclosure but I dare not go
back to see if I was
successful it sparked in me a quaking
Terror whatever purpose the machine God
needs such an entity for I pray to never
learn I must keep moving anal backup
block get I ran the anomalous car in the
Folles 0
1.23.1
1.25 this is some Cru joke it is a
simple a walk I hear the
machine shit's blocking man no other
footprint D but my own still block
[__] thund
Hammer what have I
awoken
see munition
secured blocking a thunderhammer with a
silly little
Shield loading
up ahead
no your hold in that termin your
treachery ends now
these 10 priests Pi
thees I do not think they were
alone truth
us do you not see the hypocrisy of
nikea you have built the same r tril
with the Thousand
Sons they call us with
heretic for daring to wield the same
power as your God
Emperor to sacrifice thousands who share
his touch of the war at the altar of his
Golden
Throne not the first time he has turned
his blade on
his and lost the last Titus
oh my
goodness heretic sorcer
[Music]
[__]
sake why does it like come out so much
lower oh away
yes just finish him off boys
F trickery is that all this corruption
it seems to grow ever stronger and you
shall follow it to it
Source yes come
brother I wait for you
well we've already beat Yura once I'm
sure we can do it
again melter bombs they're very hard to
use in the campaign
recovery what are we doing
oh we can move the wall
there nice and ammo cash it lays to the
Heretics where
is the traitors are taking a thrashing
holy [__] let us add to it
wow
what yeah let's kill them in case
something happens and if we don't kill
them they come back oh you can just run
through them while they're like
this
huh oh make
citation looks accurate the anguin have
been th applied it is L blind to orbit
his work thankfully his diligence has
not been
faster loose
ah leftenant titos praise the omnissiah
in just a few minutes you will bear
witness to you must stop this sire
please I know you have concerns but look
this is merely a taste of what the
device is capable of and I have seen the
worst of what it can do my Lord you you
must trust me this has has been my quest
for knowledge my life's work shut it
down
now I will
not forgive me Lord Time Will Reveal the
purity of my
intentions what
you tiny grains of sand cing as you
T for a moment it seems you might do my
work for me but alas I must finish this
myself witness true power true
power fuing Dar cious over here
your malignant energies are
useless bring him
down a hell
brw with a [__] thunderhammer and a
plasma
cannon it's a bit over the top we're
only three [__] Space Marines Jesus
Christ oh for God's sake
oh Jesus it moved
fast but a big boy he moves quick don't
he I not feeling confident using
thunderhammer here oh that stunned
though all power and blood R we will not
be bested by this clumsy re oh my God
look at the damage ah plasma cannon oh
this is going to be a
fight [__]
sake I hate Zango have I ever complained
about Zango
[Music]
guys oh my
God it is a clumsy Relic though it's
slow in its
attacks dude
please stop
oh Jesus man oh my God the
combo what is
this oh my
God holy [__] it puts the brute in Hell
brute doesn't it so [__]
aggressive
wow okay
maybe this was not the best time to run
a last
fusel he's just on my ass constantly oh
dear oh
dear
power we will not
be so does not touch us something is
happening that looks like a plasma
charge a charge has
lufy this is
ridiculous Oh I thought I
dodged oh wow
[Music]
yikes yikes yikes yikes yikes yikes try
to get
up this is not
good the Zango are the worst man they're
so
annoying I can allow you to see
wow there's no like Telegraph queue
[__]
hell oh it breaks the whole wall
man that's absurd what it's shooting
through walls and everything
oh my
God what the hell is
this no he can teleport now what the
heck my armor are you taking the
pie looks like
it are you getting him up don't
[__] you be I let
promise oh no [__] way teleport
me it teleported behind me again you
know what I need the melter rifle to
kill the Zango I think and then just
Plasma Pistol it you do have ammo on the
side so I can keep picking up more and
overcharge the Plasma Pistol there's
also the blue things around the map
which probably would be a good shot to
pick
up get behind the wall
ah oh that really didn't do that
much power and
blind will not be fested by this
CL so long as it does not catch
us I will
your withal
uh what's he doing he passing out oh
oh no no no no [__] hell chain locked
me oh that was stupid of me
I
must something is happening that looks
like a plma charge a charge
thaty [__] him run away
man St it
destroy
them down
of
[Music]
ah stabilizing B
got the
[Music]
[__] wow this is the end for you
wretched thing enough of the childish
games let us put a stop to them once and
for all
where is
he with Aurora active key and others
like him cannot exist here we will
see this is just the beginning with
these devices we will seal the Great
Rift and drive the Heretics back into
the warp with nothing
more than
transference of alignment
H what
genius us
spars from which ocean did you gather
these birs of
wisdom the every scientist to discover
the birthplace of all
knowledge
Bel the source of your ination
the neues brother
Titus that so to the
final
Titus
assist
[Music]
at I mean I just got an achievement for
discovering the true nature of the
Aurora device I don't know what the
[__] going on
trying to outwit the Thousand sounds
doesn't seem like a very good
idea it was quite obvious the device was
going to be
problematic but I don't know what's
going on I don't what would the whole
deal with was with the uh change of
alignment
Titus to aaran do you read
me damn it how could that fool lose not
have known he took the whisperings of
that sorcerer to be his own inspir ation
loose was merely a porn they killed noik
led us to believe they would do the same
to loose so we would deliver him
precisely where they wanted him and that
spectacle in the catacombs deceit to
trick that puppet lose into finishing
the
work
uhhuh this is worse still I could have
imagined that pillar floods the land
with corruption Titus aaran come
in Fox is useless we must find our
brothers the emperor protans the emperor
they are broken the emperor
protects
yikes DPS from his eternal eyes and
glistening jws the
[Music]
shimmering
out there is that monstrous orisk please
scam a silent whale of corruption their
human Minds were not prepared for malign
energies of this
magnitude few are should we show them
Mercy we must leave that to the
commissariat we have more pressing
duties
9 years 9 years I'm receiving a CED
locator
signal in my eyes not far from here
season has not we frosted I believe so
mark it on all space the SE
brother
c
c how could I be myself if I don't know
I am cut down those
Heretics are your
sound yes my Lord we are
unbroken we will fight to the
end
she oh my god dude
you [__] hell cannot get
up may have gotten a little bit too
aggressive
there wrong gun
jeez
ma'am
still their Champion lies defeated
damn ter spill from every
crev was so convinced the mor would
destroy hiss but instead it has
empowered them tremendously
so we need to clear that obstruction
there must be a solution here a foul
sorcerer took the power source somewhere
well defended no
doubt down
how is this compared to C incalculably
worse a war rft of such size will permit
the darkest of Horrors to
brotherus sit down mat
no victory for you here demon yeah
finish him off let's
go we thought your SW Tak we were spared
that fate the captain awaits sir courage
and honor courage
honor
brothers be mindful of the casualties
we're safe now the angels will J
us he's coming I can see him I can't
look away you are a child of Pia put
yourself together and save me I have
lost one platoon with five more at half
strength our commissar cut down two
dozen men then shot himself Titus report
what in the name of holy Tera do you
call this we failed to stop lose I can
see that he was tainted an unwitting
puppet of the arch enemy we are now
facing a warp Rift the size of a small
Cruiser three volleys from the
resilience and not a scratch on that
pillar if it has a weakness I need to
know what it is it is powered by the
artifact from Gia if we can destroy that
where is it we do not know you call that
a solution
what is the alternative there is a field
around the pillar impenetrable to our
ordinance we have observed their forces
passing through it on foot we must get
close enough to see if we can do the
same proceed through those doors we make
our assault
eminently the most V
and Despicable
fo betray us of the emperor slay us
stabiliz and
brother
insent
heres tell me Brothers what our forces
have divided in two I will Le the main
assault from the Temple of athor I sent
two squads to move on the enemy's flank
but we have lost contact with them they
are carrying the company
standard if they have fallen we will
retrieve it we will retrieve the
standard Ultra Marines
ready they are ultramarines we should
have plot
armor the front is beyond this
bridge let's go what is that thing look
out p p spread out
Fire War gear
Pride your
work you B like your treacherous
Brethren on Nas
can terminate as man in the back of
those missile
pods trait
us cut down these decrepit totems of
heresy
no not the double missile pods it's
worse than Dawn War I
man another the
that accursed Obelisk grants the enemy
unlimited
maneuverability have you considered
exterminatus this is a burial World
Titus if we fail to defeat the enemy
then I will bu this place but I would
prefer to not disgrace these honor dead
that our scans locate the signature of
the power source we are blinded by all
the interference it is out there at the
heart of that c F
Madness agreed one way or another we
must reach that Obelisk then we
shall the
IM I have tra
Titus proceed on until you reach the
second Force hope to Terror they still
stand the emperor protects good hunting
brother second company make
ready this is the scale that we really
were
wanting to hold on using grenad and my
signal it's going to get a lot tougher
the closer we get so we'll F that 10 of
our brothers may have
fallen along with the standard I dare
not picture the company Banner soil by
treacherous hands ultramarines do not
fool without a fight they are alive they
may be in need of support and we must
move quick where is your false God's
power
now Target the WT
the
[Music]
heretic what was that soon as I came out
of the car I [__] got hit by his
sorcerer
rol that's kind of
BS this multi meler is not working for
me
back to the
W [__] sake
man yeah forget that multi Mel it's [__]
it's actually really good against
tyranids in operations mode but I don't
know dude you don't use a multi to try
and take out kill Space
Marines clearly
[Music]
[__] Reviving The Marine
munition
secured God dang it man
restocking
yikes yikes yikes
magazine is this the way
forward [__] hell I thought it might
have been this
way I guess that's a dead end
yeah all right is it
yeah jeez man that was a tough
one
[Music]
sorcerer see how the priests maintain
these Graves even in the midst of this
war their devotion is commendable we
must hurry our brothers pay in blood for
every second we delay they should be on
the other side of that
door looking for loot
man
brother standard it lies crumpled in the
dir like a rag Lefton what are your
we fight Brothers assemble around the
standard
vict F now they're not letting me
through victory or
death company we hold this ground in the
name of the
primmer oh [__] hell this is like a
cut
we die with holy [__]
[Music]
our get
upus I think
it's him all
foration you
dangerous
harus has
fallen there is no
engine there is and we shall find
it [__]
hell the hell bro
now was that the guy we were trying to
message
look at his bull
walks Lord galgar left en I received
your message breathe me oh he did
what he received the
message the central Obelisk appears to
be the source of their power it's
protected by an energy field give me a
solution we've hit that shield with
everything we've got nothing gets
through my
Lord there may be a
way in the catacombs L said all it took
was a transference of alignment and then
he inverted something an object what of
it it was identical to that
Obelisk so it was you want to invert
that explain doesn't look too easy to
int chapter
Master we cannot stay
here liutenant you stand by Sergeant
Gabriel's
assessment I
do Captain aaran must your
company I Chapter
master so he's the chapter Master
now Brothers all right the Heretics
clamor for a taste of Victory but we dud
they've got to add dreadnots to the
multiplayer they've got to FLH out the
multiplayer now this game so so well
they need to flush out the multiplayer
give us real Star Wars Battlefront 2
style multiplayer where you can call in
dreadn and Terminator armor you fight
shitloads of Heretics or GMA depending
on which side you're in you can play as
a hell brw if you're playing
chaos summon squads of demons some
squads of
like AI Space Marines and [__] or
inquisitorial
troops cting yes Lord all forces fire at
well it's so awesome to see the 40K
vehicles I mean look at this this is
[__] incredible
I am
Shar demon greet it well Maus train all
battle tank guns on that
Abomination yes my Lord Captain for a
defensive line here company defensive
line brother Titus you will have only
moments to execute your plans move
quickly Jesus Christ man
this must be the control unit do you
understand any of this no Lieutenant do
we have a solution or not stand
by there I literally just about to say
Stand By and real life then shut up back
on we're out of
options the [__]
R I live now it's back to nekron
mode is this one of them Gates that's
like near
Cadia which the necrons designed in
order to close the wall my
Lord how many more three you have
brothers in mind bidan and tasa we will
handle the last one I'll get them moving
brief them over the Box yes
Captain
yeah peridian palasa have you received
new orders from
aaran we have brother moving to point
Alpha
now tasa on route to point beta you will
need to rot take the small replica of
the obelis but be warned it will
hurt not as much as it will hurt the
treacherous bastards out there come on
pain I will gladly
volunteer go well
Brothers Oh pistol I want a Plasma
Pistol
F gift from the
for
runners
tit
just will be three more before the night
is [__] Soul Reapers
man concerning to say the
least cing the
[Music]
way God that's all Reaper
I'm to grab that
[__] what he just [__] fired it man
they not they got to change that that's
so stupid like he literally just
finished firing it and he's at it again
God
sake blasting me in the
corner it's a
job I have slain the
yeah I think they're pretty [__] to
be
honest I don't mind the other enemies
but they're just wank
somehow he died instantly which is kind
of weird
okay that colossal demon hounds our
forces what exactly are we doing with
these obelisks the Aurora device opens a
rift to the immaterial a Gateway these
appear to be the keys to that gate turn
the keys and lock the gate
exactly through this door Brothers
Go cast them into the abyss do not stand
me around
Fresh Magazine
oh how the second one's
[Music]
turning look see how it rides in agony
who
left Tassa
report is a St it Mount of
decease
91,000
and deceased on Maran
9,471 deceased on is currently 91
TR watch they have the
advantage their closed water skills are
truly without
match deist onum is currently not n
yes yes yes finish them off come
on
Ro yeah yeah yeah I know look at my
health [__]
me this plan of yours may actually work
Adriel an idea is worthless without
those that executed I think my hearing
is
damaged that sounded like humility
uh that's a lot and I've got barely any
health kill the [__] Terminators
[Music]
first oh [__] it blocked my path
out grenade
one yeah yeah yeah got him
this will serve me
well special tactics ready
[Music]
[__] [__] [__] how many times you going
to attack
[__] oh come on I was in the middle
of a gun strike you wanker
[Music]
than
care care than
care
restocking [__] s
help
how did that hit me
[Music]
yikes help brute Torn to Pieces
Titus desus has a hold on the Opus
controls Throne that looks like torture
but he is holding
fast the demon is further
weakened peridian how is
Deus I have a murderous headache but the
sight of that Beast reeling is a fine
tonic it is
indeed permission to join the front
lines permission granted thanks Brothers
V be with you reg
out one
more do you hear that
I love it [__] love
it yeah yeah
yeah are
traitors they are everywhere honored
brother join us and you may s your R and
Aid our cause lead me to the
slaughter onward
grabbing of
frags a moment
Brothers this is
v s of
Magness is he
here
not my must be directed at his
minions
great SP
punch a hole in that
t that champion lies defeat
enemy Terminator destroy drings are
unst he's
deploy ready to deploy special tactics
[Music]
restocking
okay Abomination
is in the name of the emperor i c you
down what the [__] holy Terror we have
our shance
go Christ almighty holy Terror
indeed are you sure Chiron
oh he did that like a piece of piss
didn't he [__] hell made G look like
a that
[__] [__] C on my position let us
burn these Heretics to Ash yes my
Lord oh he's got a Bic
AR [__] I didn't know
that that explains a lot then
is that from that war boss he told us
about Lord of change
go don't tell me he runs into the
wall Nots to do like the gr night
boy what and Titus and the guys join him
in the war this this what happens and it
leaves it as a finale [__] off [__] off
the four of them going to the
warp are you mad following a [__]
zinan into the
warp I guess I guess they're
mad they're absolutely fraking mental is
what they are
where is Lord Cal it was a trap perhaps
it's this
theerum if it is we must move may it
wasn't K where we must find calgar oh I
don't know are you sure the Chang will
Inc even now we walk upon ancient paths
La out for the moral true
bre
come come to me
Brothers come to me your final
duties
thank Lord calgar left you to root in
the death watch for
brother Titus coward cease cowering
behind
Illusions make a bull walk of your
hatred
Brothers I smell
Fe he doing now
welome
Brothers where is Lord calgar G's dark
has been brought to here heretic you
died this day this is my domain you are
here by my
invitation I am offering you a chance to
kneel our chapter sir shall you show
your skull is a piss pot
what is going
on
seriously releas him we shall do you the
honor of ending you swiftly release him
after all your efforts in bringing him
to me enough gains silence this heretic
One Last Dance before the strings are
cut why would you follow a zinan into
the
wall you will stand at my side
boy and I shall got you like
a we remember the last dance oh it seems
he's got a bit of a damage buff he's
fighting a bit more seriously now is
he
ah
hello
recovery oh [__] [__] how do I dodge
that
can it even be dodged
no compion uh I don't think
so oh [__] you lie you are no mat for
them heretic and so you deceit
Titus what happened I lost tried and
failed to contain
me what you will die what the
[__] oh my
God ah
not
there I have
more what is going
on
hello okay
hello what what what hello
what y okay that's a lot of change yep
mhm this man is straight up a [__]
troll oh what the [__] he did a double
parable
that's
Noel oh come
on the demon Ro
f with a
power oh how do you judge
this [__] me Oh my Jesus
Christ holy
[__] ah the YouTube video of doing this
without getting hit is going to be
impressive let me tell
you they like these little boss field
moves don't they the neurop the H tant
this guy all uses this [__]
this Galaxia son like a
dance oh
so good damage te what it doing
now go for the eyes all other attacks
are useless
what my weapon is that's the AR brothers
that is the only we
point
man
resupply oh he justes the double
oh
relo stay heavy
down I have
waited why you meant to dodge this man
like this what the [__] the telegraph
there tell me
[Music]
please you oh
dear I'm probably dead how am I going to
survive this with so little heal more
hitting I'm
down I didn't even know what just killed
killed
me oh wow yeah that's
hard [__] H
man take
two oh they've G us checkpoints all
right well that makes it easier doesn't
it
I'm not taking him down from Full HP
fair enough though I don't know if I'll
have
um medic kits and stuff maybe I do
SEC this is a weird one I don't really
understand how you meant to counter this
one um like where are the telegraphs
they I
don't I get
it oh Jesus wow
okay this is
painful you are not
done instantly knocks me
down feel like I was in a decent Flo
before changing
magazine the demon la
the J un move with the power beond their
understanding too early
dodged destu ofk
care this Galaxia
s there's no way to dodge that
clearly Brothers Brothers I am fitt here
in the
dark you lie you are no match for them
heretic and so you
deceit your brothers bu beneath the
power stop chying shitty
miror CH way too much [__]
man What's happen
this [__]
War
demon I have
waited not this not
this oh my god look how much health that
took off me [__] sake absolutely
LS oh I don't like that move cuz I don't
understand what the telegraph is at
all cannot see a telegraph for
it oh what was that his eyes glow and
then there was another one like a
secondary one oh
what used to miss
that now he's out again with his skulls
of
Doom oh
wanker got confused by all the
Illusions and then I tried to do a
double Parry
shall not be
hen now
the Demon
Lord
t with a power be understand
they were under the architects of the
destruction of
man did not live to see me use their
work this
[Applause]
R your companions
are you lie you are no match for them
heretic and so you
defeat your brothers Buckle beneath the
power of the war
Titus what happened this full tried and
failed to
contain I have waited long to
face once more
he C me into the war two centuries ago
to ra the WRA
of
I
by I would
one his patic Ultra
Marines what weight that he was
delivered
you Titus his most precious
[Applause]
Warrior stabiliz
team reloading weapon
I
for you ser
reload War
demon hope for the eyes all other
attacks are useless
the is the only we
point to
reload resupplying
using CR
grenade the Demon Lord
not done yet I am
down
almost heavy damage
blind to Natural
see
my armor is breached to multiple points
see ready to deploy special tactics
[Music]
Target insid anything else is just
wasting
ammunition this is vulnerable
there holy [__] did we just do it guys
this has took me way too many attempts
that took me about 15 or
something
Wow way too many attempts surounded kill
as many as you can Brothers they are
mere
imitations forun guard yourselves IM is
weakening over there something is
happening there
investig oh I got shot by the one that
turned
around all right K guy you that man boom
so the thing is has cgar actually gone
down here or is this just a trick that's
the thing right
yeah the whole thing could be an
illusion it's very weird Lord calar my
words do you un tell us sir speak them
my Lord speak them or be slain for an
impostor rules should never make a
prisoner of
intelligence Titus it is good to see you
their sorcerer power wavers he is
vulnerable see how his domain weakens as
he does there is only one place left for
him to hide let us dig out the
heretic fight you a to the energy stream
inside the stream he prepares for
another attack it is the artifact it
must be there is almost Limitless power
within that
sh must come
on get out of here man I've blocked
enough of your little spinny
dashes why you blaming the
Marti in their but squand it in BL
ignorance
explodes through me in ever growing
waves of can I actually die here or
what
[Music]
yes
yes I feel like I might you
know come on K gu how do you with
divine knowled
[Music]
changing
magazine feel like me shooting them guys
is not even
helping cover me brother wait go
I see
it I see it
all
Brother come on K got to do something
cool for [__]
sake why didn't Kar go for it
your
service all the suffering of humanity
the the caran
emperor it's all for
nothing how why was he so confident that
we weren't going to do anything you know
[__] talking us literally when he's
imminent from
disintegration I'm going to be honest I
don't really know what's going on guys
we're in the W right now aren't we like
what's going
on
Rise Son of
gilan did Chiron
die
brother no is over oh was it the other
dude who died you did
it
God brother
no they're both there they're just
knocked out I
guess do we get
Avenged have we done Justice to
ourselves now you know that we're not
corrupt rise Titus hell I've got
notifications on your duty is not yet
done why what's my duty now did I get
promoted
I want to get
promoted chasing that
celer Henry caval looking [__]
the
emperor for the emperor
[Applause]
gotal always looks so
concerned is that it what we loading
now what's my
duty is this like a credit screen that's
going to come
up tell me what the heck's going on Lord
knows I need the
Insight that final battle was a pain in
the
ass I didn't realize with the big
sweeping claw attack you know when he
uses the demon the L change uses his
nail thing it does the four waves I
didn't realize that it slows down time
for you before they hit you so you just
need to not Dodge you need to just side
step I would dodging and rolling into
the next one and get myself killed
constantly
leftenant demetrian Titus your decisive
actions have saved this system from
ruin and so it is with great pride that
I now present you with an honor worthy
of your
Deeds The Laurels of
Victory let every Warrior of the adepta
aarti see
that here stands the true measure of a
son of gilan for the glory of Ultramar
for the glory of
Ultramar company dismissed you have been
dismissed I'll see you later lady
forgive me brother that it took me so
long to bring you home my Lord that's
Fierce was my wrath when I learned of
your
detention in their arrogant suspicion
the Inquisition failed to recognize the
truth
that no evil will ever overcome a
devotion wonder what happened to his eye
such as
yours thank you my Lord there is a
mission it will take you away from the
second company for a time as you command
chapter Master the brother chaplain will
brief you it was he that suggested you
for the
task that's cool Lord the sword of Cal
is ready to depart thank you
Captain my ship will will convey you to
your
destination I should be glad of your
company what what's the mission we're
off with him has been an honor it has
holy [__] this is a promotion I hear
you'll be taking your leave of us good
God not for too long I
hope Emperor G you and you
sir k
Brothers I am called to serve elsewhere
they'll be changed now these young boys
be missed my Lord yeah I will not forget
the blood we have drawn together nor
shall we I owe you both a
Deb you have restored my faith in
Brotherhood we shall await your
return courage and honor courage and
honor
Titus Lord Kar has informed you of your
assignment well not really I will brief
you on Route yeah he only said we've got
an assignment I
am very good my Lord you have done
well you have won the Trust of your
brothers and of the chapter
Master but know this
Titus the stain of Suspicion never
completely Fades that's your job chap I
will be watching you should you falter
on the path for even a
moment I will show no
mercy what the [__]
say Le Andros oh I don't remember the
law it is time is he from
sm1 dude that was over a decade
ago I totally
forgot I'm going to have to do some
Googling it's like whoa face reveal
time who the [__] is
he that was a long time ago man the sm1
suppose the thing to do would have been
to play it prior but yeah
we'll do some
Googling all these new boys are going to
be buying this game and they'll have
never played sm1
anyway what's the assignment that's what
I want to know ORS thought nids who do
we fight next time in
sm3 there's going to be an sm3 now this
was this was great and I'm sure it sold
amazingly beautiful well
done face a figure from your past yeah I
don't remember him
yikes dude it was literally like a
decade ago how am I going to
remember I didn't go back and check this
[__] I should have oh well there you go
folks that is angels of death complete
campaign that final battle was an
absolute pain in the booty but we did it
so there you go we completed the
campaign hooray
operations Mod's awesome PVP and not so
much anyway hope you enjoyed that one
folks that's going to be all from me boy
top this time I am signing out see you
in Space Marine free
[Music]